Partially, but it also obeys your commands. The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

You mean it controls your actions? Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think?

Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's such a long way from here.

Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him. Red Five standing by. Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed.

You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home! Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed.

All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it? In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base.

I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going.

She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time! I care. So, what do you think of her, Han?

What!? As you wish. Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.

But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight? Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master.

Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force. What!? Don't underestimate the Force. I care. So, what do you think of her, Han?

She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod. Send a detachment down to retrieve them, and see to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time! I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.

In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is.

But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight? The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't possibly…

Dantooine. They're on Dantooine. What?! Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him. Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, what do you think?

I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me. Partially, but it also obeys your commands. Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going.

Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them. I find your lack of faith disturbing. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it?

I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me. Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.

Partially, but it also obeys your commands. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home!

Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. As you wish. Ye-ha! He is here. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it?